---
title: Web, software, and HTML considerations - Microsoft Style Guide
author: pallep
ms.author: pallep
ms.date: 11/19/2016
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: non-product-specific
---

# Web, software, and HTML considerations

Web content attracts a worldwide audience. When you develop websites, keep in mind that customers may not have the latest browsers, broadband
internet access isn't available everywhere, and internet service
providers don't always charge a flat monthly rate for access. Follow these guidelines to support customers around the world.

## Support a variety of browsers and experiences

**Follow [Microsoft Web Framework](http://www.getmwf.com/) design and publishing practices.**

**Support browsers likely to be used by worldwide audiences. To support earlier versions of browsers, you might need to:**

  - Provide a no-frames version. 
  - Avoid certain elements in scripts. 
  - Include some design information (such as background color) in the document files instead of the style sheet. 
  - Avoid nested tables.
  - Test using a variety of browsers and versions. 

**Use Segoe fonts**,
which are available in browsers and operating systems worldwide. Design
content so fonts will be substituted if the specified font isn't
available. Avoid hand-drawn fonts and fonts that are hard-coded in text or code.

**Use standard HTML tags, not proprietary tags**. If you’re developing HTML text with scripted code, globalize text that’s generated by the scripts, too.

**Use the simplest possible design solutions.**

## Minimize download time

**Keep pages as small as possible,**
and include text-only versions for larger content. Internet service
charges still vary greatly by locale and access method.

**Design pages so text loads first**, followed by graphics, so pages are usable before they're finished loading. 

## Support multiple languages

**Support reading from right to left or from top to bottom.**
For example, provide key information, such as home
page links, at both the upper-right and upper-left sides of the
page. 

**Allow space for text expansion due to localization.**

## Comply with US and local laws as well as software availability

**Follow laws pertaining to software restrictions.** Pay particular attention to downloads and multiproduct DVDs. 

  - US
    law restricts the international delivery of certain
    information and technology. Verify that the download complies with
    US law.
  - Be
    aware of local download restrictions. The distribution of
    marketing statements; political statements; and the names of people,
    places, and landmarks is restricted by law in some countries and
    regions. Verify that the download is legal in the country or
    region.

**Verify availability.**
Some products and formats aren't available worldwide.
Localized versions of new and updated products and formats may lag
behind US availability. 

## Globalize links

**Link only to sites that are available and useful worldwide.**

**Link to a site where the reader can specify the appropriate country or region,** if possible.

**Identify links and cross-references that aren’t globally relevant.** If you must link to a site or refer to a publication that’s not globalized, inform your readers.

## Know where your email is going

**Monitor subscriptions to your newsletter to determine the reader's location.**
Newsletters emailed to people outside the United States must
be globalized, localized, or customized to meet local
requirements.
